did you know that famous character
shoemaker Phil laduca was a dancer
himself and specifically designed his
shoes to help complete the line of the
leg they are now the go-to for Rockettes
and most Broadway dancers the tonys
brought as much excitement as ever
kicking off with host Hugh Jackman
performing a routine that paid homage to
Bobby van's hot dance from small-town
girl the award for Best Choreography
went to Warren Carlyle of after midnight
which features my fabulous dear friend
Desmond Richardson congrats babe a top
highlight for us was seeing former So
You Think You Can Dance winner Melanie
Moore dancing alongside singer jennifer
hudson in a preview of the new show
Finding Neverland Melanie will in fact
be playing Peter in the show which opens
in Massachusetts this summer
where it is
quick
Oh
much like Free People Kate Hudson's
fabletics jumped on the dance bandwagon
and much like Free People fabletics
chose to employ non-dancers to showcase
their line of dance apparel just dance
why is it so difficult to do the right
thing I mean underarm or got it right
featuring real athletes and dancers
hello have you seen abt's gorgeous misty
Copeland Kate come on you of all people
should know better janelle monáe has
been switching up her look for the
rollout of her new album The Electric
Lady and so far i'm loving what she's
given the video for her new single dance
apocalyptic pokes Lynette our obsession
with the end of the world and features
her eclectic dance style and man she's
got a mean James brand the song is super
catchy and sure to be a hot summer
single she ends the video saying and I
really really want to thank you for
advancing to the end you know us dance
clubbers will do that upload your video
and share with us your dance apocalyptic
move about everything you could possibly
need to do these days there's an app for
and now that goes for dance and
choreography to bounden is a new app
that was developed by game oven in
collaboration with the dutch national
ballet's junior company the dancers
helped create movement sequences for the
app which helps guide to users in
movements led by the phone it's a pretty
cute and fun way to get moving whether
you're a well-versed positive partner or
not
he's been called the male version of
Adele at just 22 a British powerhouse
and stunning voice has limitless
potential Sam Smith is changing the game
people Boy George looking super swag
with a soulful voice so it's not hard to
believe him when he says I do it for the
love whoo that song is so dynamic it's
just calling for some awesome
choreography use it in class the
renowned modern dancer choreographer and
teacher Mary Anthony sadly passed away
at the age of 97 Anthony taught the
likes of Arthur Mitchell Ronald K Brown
ELISA Monty and more she moved to New
York in 1940 where she then performed
and studied with artists including
chania home and Martha Graham she was an
influential figure in the world of
modern dance and her legacy will
continue to live on through her
philosophy of movement the news is still
buzzing over the return of US Army
sergeant Bowe Bergdahl a prisoner of war
who was held captive in Afghanistan for
nearly five years though the media focus
has been mostly around the controversy
of his release and Bergdahl's reputation
as a potential deserter one interview
focus on something totally different his
ballet dancing apparently berdahl used
to take ballet lessons and his former
dance teacher sherry Horton was
interviewed she told reporters about how
much he loved it and wished he had
started when he was younger hope to be
back with my dance plug family and
that's all the dish we have for you this
week but before we go check out plugger
ruben gonzalez who was born in puerto
rico and has performed on tour with
static noyze Dance Company get more of
the dish by liking commenting and
subscribing I'm garmi keeping it classy
but sassy see you next
you